much of the occupied West Bank has been
locked down by Israeli forces in the
weeks since Hamas launched its military
operation Palestinians have largely been
confined to their homes and by early
Saturday dozens had been arrested most
in habron in the south of the occupied
West Bank many of them members of
Hamas in Jericho one Palestinian was
killed while taking part in
confrontations with Israeli forces near
the refugee camp
our children are not different from
their fellow Palestinians in the
besieged Gaza Strip let's consider
ourselves there it's all for the sake of
the
Homeland with around 400 prisoners
arrested since the start of the
escalation Palestinian family say
they're worried about their children in
Israeli jails a father told Al jazer
that his 17-year-old son was beaten
before being
arrested they attacked him brutally he's
just a child and they were very violent
with him someone called us first saying
he's dead but then we were told he's in
prison alive it's
worrying in the Janine refugee camp one
of the shortest Israeli raids there
concluded without casualties Israeli
forces arrested at least two
Palestinians but before the Army
retreated armed groups fought
back Israeli forces have raided the
kalandia refugee camp and arrested
Palestinians at a time when the occupied
West Bank is under an Israeli blockade
it's almost impossible for people to
move from one city to another those who
try can get killed Israeli forces killed
a Palestinian and wounded four Others
near tarim in the north of the West Bank
late on Friday Witnesses say their only
fault was driving on the
street Palestinians continue to Bid
Farewell to those killed during protests
with around 300 people injured during
the demonstrations a large number of
them by live ammunition this outpouring
of grief is only expected to increase
nid ibraim Al jaaz the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer